---
layout: post
title: Terrace House&#x3A; Tokyo 2019-2020 -<br/>Happily Ever After!
---

<div class="message">
  Spoiler Alert!  
  
  This post talks about episodes 14 of Terrace House 2019-2020.  If you haven't seen episodes 1 to 14 yet read no further
  and go and watch.
</div>

Wow!  I was wrong.

At the end of episode 13 I thought the Kenny had blown it with Risako.  I really felt for him - this was a blow
that he might carry with him for a very long time.

And yet - at the end of episode 14 Risako ends up leaving the house with Kenny with the intention of travelling
with him and getting to know him better.  That is certainly a lot better than nothing at all which is what it 
was looking like not so long ago.

How did he rescue success from imminent failure?  It seemed to be a love song that he wrote and performed for her that swung it.  I do wonder too how much the impact of the whole thing happening in a fishbowl had to do with it.  Also for Risako there were no other romantic / sexual prospects in the house and she wasn't getting on all that well with the other women there.   So it would make sense for her to leave when Kenny left.

It's great that Kenny was able to rescue the situation.  However, I don't think there is any doubt that it would have been a whole lot easier if he had just kissed her when they were watching movies together on the balcony.

Oh well.  That was fascinating.  Opens up the place for two new house mates.

Risako in particular will be missed.  She had a lot of spunk.

----
 
_Terrace House: Tokyo 2019-2020_ is on Netflix.
