---
layout: post
title: Terrace House 2019-2020  Kenny - What is going on??? 
---

<div class="message">
  Spoiler Alert!  
  
  This post talks about episodes 9 to 11 of Terrace House 2019.  If you haven't seen episodes 1 to 11 yet read no further
  and go and watch.
</div>

Okay.  I am trusting you have read the spoiler and so know the environment and people in this show.  But in case you are 
ignoring that advice and need the brief background here it is:

_Terrace House: Tokyo 2019-2020_ is a reality TV show about 6 men and women aged between 20 and 31 living together in a 
share house somewhere in Tokyo.  Kenny (Kenji) - the oldest person in the household (31 yo) is the object of desire of 
two of the women in the household: Haruka and Risako.  Haruka is a 24 year old actor and model.  Risako is a 21 year old fitness 
instructor.

In episode 9 we witness a fight between Risako and Haruka - the nexus of which is their shared interest in Kenny. 
Risako's attack on Haruka with "I am tired of your victim narrative" is just gorgeous.  At the conclusion of the 
altercation Haruka goes into the boy's room to talk to Kenny.  She offers Kenny her heart on a silver platter.

_He rejects her_.

Well - that was surprising.  How many men would turn down a stunning 24 year old actor and model who races a Corvette
and has a golf swing to die for?  Kenny did.  He explained that he had feelings for Risako.  Okay then. He knows
Risako is interested.

So what happens in episode 10?  Kenny sets up an intimate candle-lit movie night on the rooftop balcony for Risako and 
himself.  Kenny and Risako sit hip to hip watching the movie and talking.  And what does Kenny do? _Nothing_.  

This was quite surprising.  What is Kenny playing at?

The panel reviewing what is happening in the house are struggling to work out what Kenny is doing.  One panel member believes Kenny's motivation for being in the show is merely to promote his band and his own self image.
That might be the case.

Here are some other possibilities for Kenny:

 1) He has no libido or romantic desire and therefore no interest in either Risako or Haruka.  However, if that was
 the case, why would he go to all the trouble and expense of setting up an intimate movie viewing with Risako?
 
 2) He is in an undisclosed exclusive relationship with another woman. 
 
 3) He believes that it is cool to move slowly and it will increase Risako's desire for him.
 
 4) He lacks the confidence and skills to make a move on Risako even though she is giving him all sorts
 of green lights.  The cameras, panel and worldwide audience probably doesn't help with that.

If it's option 3) then he is mistaken.  It's often important to take these things slowly - tension and drama is part of 
the game I guess.  But this guy is moving at a snail's pace and he is risking losing Risako entirely if he doesn't make a move soon.

Option 4 seems plausible for me.  If it is the case then we must feel compassion for him.  Many of us 
men have failed to make a move at the time we should have.  After the evening one of the other male members of the 
household tells Kenny he probably should have kissed her.  Absolutely.  Or at least put his arm around her.
 
Well - I can't wait to find out what happens in episode 12.  Let's hope Kenny makes a move.  Or if he isn't interested
he needs to stop leading these women on.

----
 
Terrace House 2019-2020 is on Netflix.
