---
layout: post
title: Terrace House&#x3A; Tokyo 2019-2020 -<br/>Peppe!
---

<div class="message">
  Spoiler Alert!  
  
  This post talks about episodes 16 and 17 of Terrace House 2019-2020.  If you haven't seen episodes 1 to 17 yet read no further
  and go and watch.
</div>

Kenny and Risako have gone.

Emika and Peppe have turned up to replace them.

Emika is a 21 year old student with an extraodinary figure.

Peppe is Italian, 27 years old and a Manga artist.  You have to admire a man who has left his country, spent 4 years learning Japanese and is building a career around a uniquely Japanese art form.

Earlier in his interactions he introduces himself to one of the girls as 'not a sleazy pick up artist'.  Well he doesn't come across as sleazy - but I will have more to say about the 'pick up artist' comment later on.

This guy is amazing.

Nobody else knows what to do with poor young Ruka.  Ruka is seriously lacking in basic life skills and maturity.  Peppe has taken him under his wing and is teaching him to cook.  That's confidence, maturity and just being a super cool dude.

As for the women - well unlike Kenny - Peppe seems to have this well under control.  In episode 16 he begins his seduction of Haruka with his cocktail making skills and a shared drink on the balcony.   In episode 17, he continues by taking Haruka to the games room to play Pokemon - almost exactly the advice I had for Kenny.  Immediately after that - and in Haruka's presence he asks Emika out on a date.  That's confidence, counter-intuititive - and I suspect won't hurt his changes with Haruka at all.

My bet is that unlike the other 3 guys in the house his dates won't end up being a friendly chat across a dining table. 

This guy is so smooth.  Can't wait to see what happens next.

----
 
_Terrace House: Tokyo 2019-2020_ is on Netflix.
