---
layout: post
title: Terrace House&#x3A; Tokyo 2019-2020 -<br/>Kenny - Now we understand??? 
---

<div class="message">
  Spoiler Alert!  
  
  This post talks about episodes 12 of Terrace House 2019.  If you haven't seen episodes 1 to 12 yet read no further
  and go and watch.
</div>

So in the last post we couldn't work out why Kenny wouldn't make a move on Risako.

All was revealed in episode 12.

The group are together in the dining room.  Risako leaves for the games room, giving Kenny the hint to come and 
join her.  As he gets up to follow one of the other guys reminds Kenny that he has to go and kiss her.  Kenny says
to the other guys 'how do I do this'?

So as I suspected he lacks the skills to do this.  He wasn't leading Risako (or Haruka) on.

Okay.  Well it would have been so much easier when they were together on the rooftop balcony in a hammock watching the movie.
Now Kenny has dug himself into a hole that is a bit difficult to get out of.

Kenny - you have done all of us a service.  We all screw up - it's good to know that we are not alone.

Here is how Kenny needs to get out of this situation in my opinion:

1. When they were eating watermelon together by the pool, Kenny helped Risako by gently putting her hair back behind her ear.  _More of that Kenny!_
2. In the same scene he asked her to come and sit closer to him. _More of that Kenny!_
3. No more declarations of feelings.  It's just awkward - for you Kenny, Risako and all of us millions of viewers.
4. No more love songs on the Ukelele.  It's not necessary.
5. No more dates.  She is already there in the house with you.  You just need to find a way to get close to her again.  
Taking her out to dinner will just put a table between you and her.  That's not what you need right now.

Try this Kenny:  Get her back into the games room.  Dig up a kart racing game on the playstation. _Crash Team Racing_ looks good.  
Play a few games of that.  Get a fun vibe going.  Make sure she is sitting really close.  
When she is very happy - maybe after winning a race - that's your moment.

Good luck Kenny!

----
 
_Terrace House: Tokyo 2019-2020_ is on Netflix.
